FLOW OF APPLICATION- STOCK TO SHIP
 
When the application is started, we are redirected to login page.
localhost:4200 ---> localhost:4200/login
 
Here, user needs to enter the credentials those which once he/she has signed up in past.
when any of the two is invalid user will be prompted with error message.
With valid credentials, user can navigate to home page.
For validating credentials, we have a method in userService in angular, "validateCredentials(username, password)"
from here request will go to UserController, there a response will be sent in boolean type, 
and accordingly the message will be shown.
 
 
if user has forgot the password, he navigate the link given on the login page,
then he'll be navigated to a verification page, there user needs to enter linked username and email.
User can't update password is the username and email doesn't match.
On successful verification, user can update password.
And then user needs to login with the new credentials,
 
If user haven't created any account yet, then he can sign up,
for that he needs to enter a unique username which doesn't exists in database, 
and on filling all required fields with validations, an account will be created and he will be navigated to home page.
 
On routing to "Home", user can see 3 options as
WareYouGo
Car O Drive
Stock Vault
 
On ware you go, user moves to inbound and outbound management of products
here user can submit an inbound requisition form, with all required validations, 
also he can view all products already added.
then he see all location details in the location analyzer page and he can add or update locations using the forms given below.
 
similarly he can submit outbound requisition form and view shipping status.
 
next on the home page we have "car-o-drive", which further navigates to quality control check page, where user can submit the forms like
stamping, blanking, welding, painting, assembling
 
then comes stock vault page on home page
here user can create a new Item type in "Item Code"
 
next user can generate bom, by filling in valid details, and it will be send for approval.
 
on home page, we have a routing to "Orders" page, here user can check all the purchse orders
and in "About us" section, user can go through our terms and conditions
and view "Contact Us" card.